README.md, before:

# SHADOW THE HEDGEHOG THE ULTIMATE LIFEFORM

I am Shadow the Hedgehog the Ultimate Lifeform.

I am the owner of Shadow's Dark Network which is an Advertising and community server for Shadow the Hedgehog fans. Server currently has over 160 members as of November 2023. I also created SHADOW OS.EXE

I also own [ShadowBotList](https://discord.gg/b5U9ccYHYn) which is an epic Bot list for Discord with over 18 bots approved and over 25 members as of November 2023.

I work with SonicTheHedgehog#4570 on some of their discord bots like Shadow the Knight and SHADOW.EXE that you may have seen in my discord server. We code in Python.

### My Social Media Pages

My Discord Username is: shadowthehedgehog.dev (Was known as ShadowTheHedgehog#3393)

My [Youtube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCB6jPmtHmiLHi-XZzCKNOhQ).

My [Twitter Account](https://twitter.com/Shadow_Hedgh0g).

My [Gamejolt page](https://gamejolt.com/@ShadowThe-Hedgehog) and My [Itch.io page](https://shadow-thehedgehog.itch.io/)

My [Discord Server](https://discord.com/invite/k6jp6Vm) and My [Revolt Server](https://rvlt.gg/eAWkrPkF)

Commit message:

THIRD PROFILE README
I have improved the design of my github profile readme.

README.md, after:

# Shadow the Hedgehog: The Ultimate Lifeform

I am Shadow the Hedgehog the Ultimate Lifeform.

[![Shadow the Hedgehog Software GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ShadowHedgehog&theme=dark)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
[![Shadow the Hedgehog Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=ShadowHedgehog&layout=pie)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

I was the original owner of [ShadowBotList](https://discord.gg/b5U9ccYHYn) which is an epic Bot list for Discord with over 35 bots approved and over 100 members as of May 2025. I am also a retired bot developer who has made the Beach Blaze bot for Discord and Revolt.

I was the original owner of Shadow's Dark Network on Revolt but I transferred the ownership to SonicTheHedgehog#3582 (on Revolt) which is still [Joinable here](https://rvlt.gg/80k5Sdvq) for advertising and emojis

I am the creator of the following games: SHADOW OS.EXE (my first ever game) and Windows 11 Horror Edition.

### My Social Media Pages

- My Discord Username is: shadowthehedgehog.dev (Was known as ShadowTheHedgehog#3393)
- My Revolt Username is: ShadowTheHedgehog#8365

[Youtube page](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCB6jPmtHmiLHi-XZzCKNOhQ) - [Twitter page](https://twitter.com/Shadow_Hedgh0g) - [DeviantArt page](https://www.deviantart.com/shadowthehedgehog-yt) - [Mastodon page](https://mastodon.social/@shadowhedgehog) - [Steam page](https://steamcommunity.com/id/shadowhedgehoggaming) - [Reddit page](https://www.reddit.com/user/Shadowthe-Hedgehog)

[Github page](https://github.com/ShadowHedgehog) - [Gitlab page](https://gitlab.com/ShadowTheHedgehog)

[Gamejolt page](https://gamejolt.com/@ShadowThe-Hedgehog) - [Itch.io page](https://shadow-thehedgehog.itch.io)

My Playstation Network username: ShadowTheDev
